---
title: "Sanjib Narzary"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T17:19:07+02:00
lastmod: 2024-02-09T17:19:07+02:00
draft: false
type: "legal"
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---
Hi there!
Thank you for stopping by. I am Sanjib Narzary, working as an Assistant Professor in the department of Computer Science and Engineering at Central Institute of Technology Kokrajhar, a Deemed to-be University under the Government of India.


## Courses Taught
I have more than 11+ years of experiences in teaching. I have taught the following courses in different levels
  - Advanced Cryptography and Information Security, Graduate (M.Tech), (Theory)
    - Jul-Dec, 2024
    - Jul-Dec, 2020
  - ATM Networks, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory)
  - Blockchain Technology, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory)
    - Jan-Jun, 2024
  - Computer Communication and Networking, Diploma, (Theory + Lab)
    - Jul-Dec, 2018
  - Cryptography and Network Security, Diploma, ([Theory](https://sanjibnarzary.github.io/dcse504/) + Lab)
    - Jul-Dec, 2024
    - Jul-Dec, 2023
    - Jul-Dec, 2022
    - Jul-Dec, 2021
  - Cryptography and Network Security, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory)
  - Data Structure using C, Diploma, (Theory + Lab)
    - Jan-Jun, 2024
    - Jan-Jun, 2023
  - Information Security, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory + Lab)
  - Machine Learning, Graduate (M.Tech), (Theory)
    - Jan-Jun, 2022
  - Microprocessor, Diploma, (Theory + Lab)
    - Jan-Jun, 2020
  - Object Oriented Methodology, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory)
  - Object Oriented Programming using Java, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Lab)
    - Jul-Dec, 2023
  - Operating System, Diploma, (Theory)
    - Jan-Jun, 2015
  - System Programming, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory + Lab)
  - Speech and Natural Language Processing, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory)
    - Jan-Jun, 2024
    - Jan-Jun, 2023
  - Web and Internet Technology, Undergraduate (B.Tech), (Theory)
    - Jul-Dec, 2024
    - July-Dec, 2023 
    - July-Dec, 2022

## Administrative Tasks Undertaken
I have undertaken the following task as part of aministration in my capacity.
  - Nodal Officer, Samarth eGov ERP Suite
    - 2024 - till date
  - Nodal Officer, National Knowledge Network
    - 2015 - till date
  - Faculty Incharge, Institute Website and Networking
    - 2023 - till date, FIC Created on 2020-2023
  - Member of Campus Networking, Firewall and Security
    - 2018-2020
  - Website Incharge
    - 2013-2018
  - Head of Department, Computer Science and Engineering
    - 2015-2017
  - Member/Relation of Admission Committee
    - 2013-2023

## Technology/Application Specific knowledge
I am very much pond of open source softwares. I have tried almost most of the open source softwares. I am always eager to learn a new thing. If you find any beautiful technology let me know it.
  - Linux (In student days I enjoyed with Fedora, RHEL) but I use Ubuntu for any work.
  - Unix (Open Solaris)
  - Windows XP, Vista, 8, 10 or 11
  - I develop flutter based application in Apple Mac system
  - brew and chocolate
  - Anaconda for my Python Environment
  - Texworks and Texmaker for my latex report
  - HTML, CSS, JavaScript and PhP are my first choice
  - Recently I have added flutter, dart and python
  - C is what I used to teach in Diploma
  - NodeJS is everywhere in my systems
  - Python inside conda environment for CUDA based projects
  - Frameworks (React, React Native, NextJS, Laravel)
  - I access only Digital Ocean and Linode cloud
  - Github pages with Hugo and Jekyll though I don't know Go language
  - MySQL and mariadb are my defaults but Postgres, MongoDB and supabase are in my list
  - Tested Odoo, ErpNext
  - Build containerised app in Docker 
  - Google Workspace is what I manage every day :)
  - Matlab: I know how to install Matlab server and distribute to clients but use it very less
  - In my wishlist
    - Ruby and Ruby on Rail
    - Go
  





## Disclaimer:
Neither the author nor the website hosting agency is responsible for any inadvertent error that may have crept in the information being published on the internet. 

The given link BharatAI.net is a Generative AI application, visitors are advised to check the validity and  effectiveness of content generated by AI. Please use with your own risk.
